who is have told you before if I raise
your allowance you'll grow up to have no
respect for money
learn to live a waste for life and end
up on the street begging for a few
measly Goods and then you take care of
you I will I'll be out there too you
boys have to live that you can never get
something for nothing
$1.00 on condition that you go away and
never help me clean again your boys have
stumbled upon my latest invention the
duplicator oh no it's a
machine that can duplicate anything
watch you mind if I borrow this do
biggie for a while
amazing huh this little baby of gyros
can double your whole fortune as easily
as this change Birds that's exactly what
I'm afraid of
say what easy money I didn't trust any
dollar an interesting phenomenon it
seems the sound waves of any Bell causes
the duplicates to duplicate oh no don't
tell me you boys have been spending
duplicated money diplucate it could ruin
the economy how do you figure don't you
see if everyone has it it loses value
prices will go up then everyone will
have to have more water and more money
it'll be chaos I'll worry mr. McDuck I'm
sure there's still time to collect all
the funny money before it really spreads
don't quote me on your shoes kids I
don't want you bringing more money in
the house again
that'll be $5,000
$10,000 please exact change only two
cavities that would be $40,000
fulfilling well at least some prices
haven't gone up unleash independence.com